Hello.
I'm Dr. Jonathan Barker, pastor here at Amazing Grace Baptist Church in Mount Airy, North Carolina.
I would like to personally thank you for taking out time today to tune in to our preteen podcast.
We hope that this message will be a great encouragement to your heart today.
Well, 1 Timothy chapter number 1 and verse number 12 says this, And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who hath in aid
He's abled me for that he counted me faithful, putting me into the ministry, putting me, the Lord put me in this. Amen.
See, man, putting me in the ministry, and I want to talk to you just a second about the preacher as we sit here today. That's why today is focused on
Stone is helping the preacher. And I was telling Brother Elijah as everybody was coming in, I said, you know, if we can help the ones that's here, it would be amazing.
Amazing who all would get help because you're going to go back to either where you pastor or the different places that you'll be preaching at. So if you can get in
and get encouragement. If you can get help, it would be amazing who all would get help from it. Here's a couple of things that I see about the preacher. Number one, I see the preacher's prayer.
Let's praise. What does he say? He said, I thank Christ Jesus, our Lord. I thank Christ Jesus, our Lord. I thank
Thank him. I praise him for putting me into the ministry. Can I just say something about the ministry today? It is by far the greatest thing that I've
that I've ever done in my life. I'd rather be a preacher than anything that I know. I have no regrets to the ministry today. I've been pastoring 18 years.
And a year and a half before that, I was an assistant pastor five years before that. I was a missionary. So over 20 years, the Lord's allowed me and my wife to be in the
be in the ministry. And can I say this? I thank God for allowing me to be in the ministry. Everybody's called to salvation. Now, you can holler amen on that because we're not
Because we're not Calvinists around here. Everybody, it's called, for whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. Amen? But not everybody, it's called.
into the ministry. So we are, can I just say it this way, we're not on live feed, I'm not being boastful, we're in a let few today.
that God has looked at us and said, "You know what? I'm going to put thee under the mountain." Boy, what a joy.
What an honor.
What a privilege to be able to say that I'm a God called preacher of the gospel. I see the praise of the preacher or the preacher's praise.
Let me show you this. I see the preacher's power. What did he say? He said, "And I think Christ Jesus, our Lord, who hath in a
enabled me. The preacher's power is this. I can't do nothing within myself. Men listen to me. If we stand behind the pulpit and we have to
We have the most polished outline. If we go to every Bible college in the country and get every degree that we can get and we stand and we don't have the
I have the anointing of the Holy Ghost of God. We have nothing. It's not us today. It's not our ability today. But we
But we have a power in the Holy Ghost today. He enables us to do this. He empowers us to do this. I can do it on the
it on my own.
I can't. I tell you right now, man, if I had to do it on my own, I'd go to the house. But thank God I don't have to do it on my own when the heat
And he called me, he enabled me to be able to do this. So there's the preacher's praise. There's the preacher's power. That word enabled means that
He's supplied with sufficient power, physical, moral, or legal. He supplies me with sufficiency. Yeah.
He ought to do what I do.
Now watch this, enabled means supplied with sufficient power. Physical, moral, or legal. Watch this, he also enables me and empowers me
Ours me to keep my life right.
we do not have to be a has-been in the ministry.
Our homes do not have to bust up.
Our marriages do not have to go down the drain. Why? Because of who is powering us. It's him today.
I see the preacher's praise. I see the preacher's power. But I see also number three, the Lord's perception.
The Lord's perception, His consideration.
For that he counted me faithful.
God saw past Paul's failures and entrusted him with the gospel. I'm truly grateful that he looked beyond my failures.
He looked beyond my fault.
He looked beyond my mistakes. He didn't look at what I was, but what I could be.
He saw a potential.
The God of glory.
The creator of all the world.
looked at me.
He saw me
And he said, "I see something."
You may not see nothing in me, but that really don't matter.
He does
Oh yes, I see the Lord's perception of us. He counted us.
Faithful putting us in the ministry. God's perception of us is based on His purpose.
Not our past.
His purpose
not our past. Watch this and I'll be done and let the first speaker come today.
But I see the preacher's placement.
100% in closing. He said that. Putting me in two.
The ministry. The ministry.
Paul was positioned and placed by God.
into the ministry.
At least you know what I'm fixing to say. I did not choose this life.
God chose it for me.
Can I be real honest? I wasn't interested in this life.
I grew up in a preacher's home.
I saw how wicked some deacons are.
Some of them pull for Wake Forest because they're demons.
Are you with me?
I saw that. I saw the way my dad and my mom would pour their life into individual and after they poured their life to see them.
See them turn their back on them to run their name through the mud. But hear me and hear me well. I didn't choose this.
The God of all glory.
He said, I see something in you and he placed me in.
Into the ministry.
He done this.
And you know what?
Can I just say this?
I'm glad he did.
I'm glad he did. The preachers are
Placement.
We must always remember that this is not
our ministry
That this is not our work.
The thesis is not.
Our church, our church.
It's his
He's just placed us here.
for such a time as this.
If God calls,
He empowers.
And if you're sitting here today you have said
God has called.
I promise you he will empower
Now be faithful to what he's entrusted you with. Amen. The preacher today, isn't it a joy to be a preacher?
I love it.
Man, it's the greatest. My dad told me this.
He said, for you to become the president,
of the United States of America.
You would have to take a step down from being a God called preacher.
Boy, I agree with you. Man, well, that's just a simple little thought this morning. I may develop that into a message and preach it sometime.
It'll probably be more than 12 minutes though.
I love Brother Bradley Boone.
And he's my dear friend, him and Miss Rachel.